The Project Gutenberg eBook, The Kensington Gazette, No. 2, December 14,
1853, by Charles Baker Strutt


This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions 
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at 
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.




Title: The Kensington Gazette, No. 2, December 14, 1853


Author: Charles Baker Strutt



Release Date: October 22, 2019  [eBook #60552]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8


***START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE KENSINGTON GAZETTE, NO. 2,
DECEMBER 14, 1853***


Transcribed from the 14 December 1853 edition by David Price, email
ccx074@pglaf.org

                             [Picture: Cover]





                                   THE
                           KENSINGTON GAZETTE,
                         And GENERAL ADVERTISER,


  For Kensington, Hammersmith, Bayswater, Notting Hill, Shepherd’s Bush,
                                 &c. &c.

                                * * * * *

No. 2.  Guaranteed Gratuitous Circulation, FOUR THOUSAND.—Published every
                        Wednesday.  Dec. 14, 1853

                                * * * * *




ADVERTISEMENTS.


                            TERMS.—PREPAYMENT.

Single Column, per line          3d.
Double Column, per line          6d.

                A Reduction on a Series of Advertisements.




KENSINGTON PAROCHIAL INSTITUTE.


A LECTURE will be delivered in the Assembly Rooms, King’s Arms,
High-street, Kensington, on Friday Evening, Dec. 16, by SAM. SIDNEY,
ESQ., on Hints, Anecdotes, and Axioms for Emigrants.—Tickets at the
Doors, One Shilling each.  The Lecture commences at half-past eight
o’clock.




GOUGH’S ORATIONS,


illustrated by eminent artists.—Price 1d.  Sold at Strutt’s
Printing-office, 16, Church-street Kensington.

    “Mr. Gough is a well-adjusted mixture of the poet, orator, and
    dramatist: in fact, an English Gavazzi”.—BRITISH BANNER.

    “His audience were at one time excited to tears, and at another
    convulsed with laughter.”—LEEDS MERCURY.

    “His descriptions are lost upon paper: he must be heard to be
    appreciated.”—Ladies’ Companion.




WINTER CLOTHING.


   Who needs a good Great Coat to keep him warm,
   From wet protected,—free from Winter’s storm,—
   Who such a needful want desires to buy,
   So cheap it can all bargains defy,
   Should join, at once, the throngs who weekly go
   To get their suits at Befford’s cheap Depot;
   First-rate materials—first-rate work as well,
   To all who doubt, delighted buyers tell—
   In High-street, Kensington, but once enquire,
   Where you can purchase Befford’s best attire;
   Whose clothes fit easy, and are worn with grace,
   Prompt comes the answer, Four, in Mayfield-place.
   Let Befford once your patronage obtain,
   He feels assured that you will call again.

THE Cheapest & Best Great Coats, Over Coats, Shooting Coats, and every
description of Coat made to measure, at W. BEFFORD’S, 4, Mayfield-place,
High-street Kensington.—Fit and workmanship warranted.  Repairs and
alterations cheap.




GAS FITTING DONE


In all its branches, by J. E. OLIVER, (son of the late R. Oliver, in the
same trade nearly half a century,) Locksmith, Bell-hanger, and Stove and
Range maker, 16, Orchard-street, Holland-street, Kensington.

                      _Jobbing in all its branches_.




New Writing Paper.


The NEW STRAW WRITING PAPER, manufactured expressly for PARKINS &
GOTTO.—This paper is invaluable to rapid writers: it has a hard smooth
surface, can be written upon on both sides, with either metal or quill
pen, is much pleasanter to write upon than any other paper, and is nearly
half the price, being only 3s. per ream!  P. & G’s. new Elastic
Post-office Pen, 6d. the dozen by post (warranted not to scratch the
paper.)—Copy address, Parkins & Gotto, manufacturers, 25, Oxford-st.




SOAP, CANDLES, &C.


At JONES’S, 39, High-street, Kensington, & his branch shop, 27,
High-street, Notting Hill, the Prices are Lower than any advertising
house, quality not to be surpassed.

Best store candles 7d. per lb. or 6s. 10d. per doz.  Composite, 8½d. and
9d.; Decimal candles, 6½d., burn without snuffing; J. Williams & Son’s
superior Soap, obtained the Prize at the Great Exhibition; Knight’s
Primrose Soap; Yardley and Statham’s sun-flower & other superior scented
Soaps; fine pale yellow soap, at 4½d., 4d., 3½d. & 3d. per lb.; best
mottled soap, 5d., second ditto, 4½d. lb.; best soda, 1d. per lb.; best
starch 6d. per lb.; blue 1s. 4d. per lb.; 4-lb. tins of double superfine
mustard, 1s. 6d. per lb.; 4-lb. tins of good mustard, 1s per lb., black
pepper, 1s. 4d. per lb.; white pepper, 2s. 3d. per lb.; black lead, best
quality, 8d. to 1s. per lb.  All articles for cleaning purposes 20 per
cent under most houses.  British Port and Sherry, nearly equal to
foreign, 1s. 3d. per bottle.  Ginger, Orange, Currant, &c., 1s. 1d. per
bottle.

                            CASH ON DELIVERY.
                     Orders immediately attended to.




Furs in great variety,


For the Season, at J. WILLIAMS’S Old Established Fur Store, 37,
Crawford-street, two doors east of St. Mary’s Church, Bryanstone-square.
Grey squirrel, 3s. 6d. to 10s. 6d.  German sable 5s. 6d. to 10s. 6d.
Chinchilla 21s. to 40s.  Russian Fitch, 15s. to 30s.  French sable, 20s.
to 40s.  Hudson’s Bay stable, 35s. to 60s.  Ermine 12s. to 35s.  Stone
Martin, 30s. to 50s.—Furs cleaned, altered, repaired, or freed from moth,
with promptness and economy.




Genuine Castorine Pomade,


Highly recommended for imparting to the hair a luxuriant, permanent, and
natural gloss, promoting its growth; it is also a great specific against
the formation of dandriff.—Prepared & sold only by J. COOK, Hair Dresser,
Post Office, High-street, Notting-hill.




To be Let.—Rent 19 Guineas


A Genteel Cottage, containing good rooms; garden, about 70 feet in rear,
and about 12 feet in front; most healthy and cheerfully situate at
Chapel-terrace, Harlesden-green, on the high road to Harrow near
Willesden Station, four miles and a half from London.—Apply to Mr. DAVIS,
No. 9, in the Terrace.

An Omnibus from Tottenham Court-road, calls at the Green Man, 122,
Oxford-street, and at the Crown, 84, Edgware-road, at the following
times—DOWN,—morning at 10, and 12; afternoon, at 3, 5 and 8 o’clock—UP:
morning at 9, & 11; afternoon at 2, 4, and 7 o’clock.

Also, by Rail, from Euston-square, at the following times—DOWN: morning
at 7, & 11; afternoon at 45 min. past 2; 20 min. past 5; and at 15 min.
past 6 o’clock.  UP: morning at 48 min. past 8; and 38 min. past 11;
afternoon, at 48 min. past 1; 21 min. past 3; and 36 min. past 8 o’clock.




FRANCIS’S SAMARITAN OIL,


   [Picture: Picture of a man with turban kneeling to help another man]

                Entirely prepared from Herbs and Flowers.

   For now two hundred years, or more,
   This Oil was famed for Cut or Sore,
   For Wounds and Burns, for Scalds and Sprains,
   Chaps, Face Aches, Sore throats, and Chilblains,
   Excoreations, Chaps and Bruises,
   Are eased, or cured, as each one uses,
   Or, will this precious Oil apply.
   Its healing virtues only try!
   Lumbago, Piles, with bites and strings,
   And pains which Rheumatism brings;
   And parts inflamed are soon restored,
   And festering Wounds, tho’ deep, explored;
   And suffering Men, with joy shall smile,
   When told of Francis’s precious Oil!
   Their Wounds are cured, their pains removed.
   And FRANCIS’S HEALING OIL approved.
   All Female Breast disorders cured,
   The pains removed, though long endured;
   And Worms in Children soon destroy’d,
   And strength, and health, again enjoy’d.
   A Bottle buy, and only try,
   And all such plagues shall from you fly!

Wholesale Agents,—BARCLAY and SON, 93 Farringdon-street, and SANGER, 150,
Oxford street.  Prepared by the Proprietor only, and may be ordered
through any of the Wholesale-houses, and by most respectable Chemists in
Towns throughout the Kingdom.  Agents wanted for Hammersmith, Kensington,
Notting Hill, & Bayswater—Letters to be addressed to F. F., No. 17
Queen’s-terrace, near the Royal Oak, Bayswater.




Livery Stables.


T. LOVELOCK, Pembroke Livery Stables, Earl-street, Kensington.—Superior
cabs and phætons by the day or hour.

                                * * * * *

          OFFICE FOR ADVERTISEMENTS,—CHURCH STREET, KENSINGTON.

             The KENSINGTON GAZETTE, and General Advertiser.
 Published every WEDNESDAY.—Office, Church-street, Kensington.  Dec. 14,
                                  1853.

                                * * * * *




CHEAP AND ELEGANT PRINTING
AT
C. B. STRUTT’S,


                        CHURCH STREET, KENSINGTON.

                                  — o —

C. S. in thanking the public of the vicinity for their approbation of his
Press,—a patronage the more flattering from its continued
increase,—respectfully intimates that he has made that encouraging
success a basis of more extended operations, by considerably increasing
the materials necessary to the creation of an efficient typographical
Establishment; at the same time believing those additional efforts will
win the desired response anticipated from past friends, and commanding
the confidence of many who have not yet tested his capacity, will result
in the acquisition of prospective and satisfied customers.

     A CARD PLATE        [Picture: Drawing of       500 BEST CARDS
      Engraved,           a printing press]          From Plate,
  And 100 Best Cards                                 For 7s. 6d.
       For 4s.                                     1000 Ditto, 14s.

CHEMISTS’ COUNTER BILLS.


Extreme attention is paid in the execution of this necessary appendage to
the Chemist’s counter; their requisite neatness and elegance is ever
maintained by the employment of new and modern type, selected from
Foundries famed for securing the skill of eminent designers; while
economy in charges is considered, so as to obtain a preference over
Metropolitan Offices.

                Epsom Salts & other Wrappers, Labels, &c.



BAKERS & COWKEEPERS’ WEEKLY BILLS.


From the great numbers constantly being printed, C. S. is enabled to
supply them far below their usual charges.



CARDS.


This indispensible requisite of the trader, may be obtained, on fine
machine-made fabric, at 1s., 1s. 3d., and 1s. 6d. per Hundred.  On large
numbers a very great reduction is made.



CIRCULARS.


Printed on beautiful cream laid post, ready folded, well pressed, and the
edges made smooth, at 3s. per hundred; five hundred 10s., and one
thousand 16s.



BILL HEADS.


The constant consumption of this commodity necessitates the commercial
man to seek their supply from the ‘cheapest market’ this he can
accomplish by using invoices printed by C. S.  Their variety of size and
quality of paper, renders their statement of prices an almost
impossibility.



HAND BILLS,


From 4s. per 1000.  Ten Thousand for One Pound



POSTING BILLS,


In any dimensions, well printed in bold type, at prices according to the
size and number required.

  Bills relating to Lost or Stolen Property printed at an hour’s notice.

                         ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

    _Sermons_, _Pamphlets_, _Societies’ Books of Rules_, _Auctioneers
                            Catalogues_, _&c._

                           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                  PRINTING IN GOLD, SILVER, AND COLOURS.
                        Lithographic Printing, &c.




AN APPRENTICE WANTED.


A respectable and well-educated Youth is required as an out-door
Apprentice to learn the Printing Business.—A small premium required.
Apply at 16, Church-street, Kensington.




GOOD & CHEAP TROUSERS.


Very stout Doeskin, made to measure, at 14s. per pair.  Prime Black Doe
at 18s.  Good & strong Cords, at 10s.  Very strong Black, at
12s.—Observe!  BEFFORD, 4, Mayfield-place, High-street, Kensington.




CHRISTMAS IRONMONGERY.


THE CHEAPEST SOLD IN LONDON, is at J. R. ANDREWS, 71, Tottenham
Court-road, established 50 years.  Plum Pudding Boilers, in iron and tin.
Copper and tin Moulds, for Cakes & Jellies.  Pasty Cutters, Pattie-pans,
&c.  Papier-machie and iron Tea-trays.  Copper, iron, japan, zinc, and
brass-lined Coal Scoops: and a choice of more than one hundred Copper Tea
Kettles, from 4s. 6d. each.




ROUTS, BALLS, AND DINNER PARTIES.


MAY BE HAD ON HIRE, at HOPE’S Warehouse, established more than half a
century,—11, Rathbone-place, Oxford-Street, Rout-seats & Cushions, Chairs
with silk eases, Rout-tabling, Ormolu chandeliers, Brackets, Branches,
and lamps.  China, Glass, Knives & Forks, Plate and plated goods, in any
quantity; Table Ornaments, and Glazed Cloths for Dancing, to prevent the
trouble of taking up carpets.




REGISTERED SYRIAN PALETOT


Made by J. SWAIN & Co., Tailors, 379, Oxford-street.—Black Waistcoats,
10s. 12s. 14s.; black dress trousers, 21s., 25s., 28s.; dress coat, 35s.,
40s., 45s. to 70s.; frock, 5s. more, in any quality; fancy waistcoats,
from 10s. to 14s.; trousers, with or without stripe down, 16s. to 28s.;
jackets, 25s. to 35s.  This list of clothes includes the cheapest and the
best.  The new blue mixture for coats kept at Swain’s.




Shirtliffe’s Furniture Polish,


Sold by JONES, High-street, Kensington; KING, High-street, Notting Hill;
and of all the principal oilmen & others in the suburbs.




FURNITURE REMOVED


In Town or Country, in Spring Vans, by G. WRAPSON, 18, Silver-street,
Notting Hill.—Luggage conveyed to & from all the Railway and Steam Boat
Stations.

                    _Coals supplied at wharf prices_.




Servants Seeking Situations


Should advertise in the “Kensington Gazette and General Advertiser,”
circulated gratuitously, every Wednesday.—The advantages offered to
advertisers, are,—a probable engagement near present place; the
facilitating an early enquiry into character; an avoidance of temporary
lodging; a reduction of the cost of carriage for luggage, &c.; and the
entire prevention of fatiguing personal perambulation from house to
house.—Advertisements received, daily, at Strutt’s Printing Office,
Church-street.




Christmas Presents.


S. PUMMELL, Fishmonger, corner of King-street, Kensington, (established
1816) informs the public that he can now supply them with the best
Burnham and Colchester Oysters, at 5s. 6d. per barrel, or retail at 6d.
per dozen.




Bottles for Australia.


In consequence of the great demand for Bottles for the Export Trade, L.
EMANUEL & Company, of 13, Church-street, Kensington, are giving 18s. per
gross for Wine Bottles; also, the highest price for all Metals, wax,
sperm, composite, and tallow ends, kitchen stuff, waste paper, &c.
Observe the address,—13, Church-street, one door from Holland-street,
Kensington.




Woodhouse’s Celebrated Extract,


for the HAIR, a sure Restorer.  Sold at 2s. and 2s. 6d. per bottle, two
thousand of which have already been sold.  Woodhouse’s celebrated Cure
for the Ringworm, sold at 1s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per bottle.  Agent for
Rowland’s Oil, &c., &c.  Manufacturer, G. Woodhouse, Court Hair-dresser &
Perfumer, 3, Alfred-terrace, Queen’s-road, Bayswater.  Established 1843.




POPULAR EDUCATOR.


LESSONS will be given during the Winter Evenings, in English, Latin, and
Greek, on the basis of the ‘Popular Educator.’

Young Men desirous of studying, may now unite for that purpose in forming
Classes of six, nine, or twelve: terms, accordingly.  Apply, any evening,
at No. 20, Albert-terrace, near the Royal Oak.




Artificial Teeth.


Mr. E. ALBERT, Surgeon and Mechanical Dentist, 24, Charlotte-street,
Fitzroy-sq., London, may be consulted at his Establishment, from 9 to 6
daily, and for the convenience of country patients, on Sundays from 10
till 12 o’clock.  His system combines the latest improvements with
economy.—a mineral tooth, the best that can be made, 5s.—a complete set
from £5.  Scaling, 3s. 6d.—Sole inventor of the Voice Tubes for deafness,
one guinea per pair.  Decayed teeth filled so as to prevent tooth ache,
and to render extraction unnecessary, 2s. 6d.—Established thirty-seven
years.




Vaccination Gratis,


Every Monday, Wednesday, & Friday, from 10 to 11 o’clock, at the National
Vaccine Establishment, 5, Peel-street, Notting-hill.

This free Institution affords perfect Vaccination to all classes of the
community, so that no person need be put under obligation to the Parish,
in respect thereof.

By the 16th and 17th Victoria, Cap. 109, sec. 2, the Public are at
liberty to be Vaccinated by ANY DULY QUALIFIED Medical Practitioner.

                                * * * * *

BY the admirable principle of Insurance, every man may, by a small weekly
saving, shield his family from want!  Policies effected, for any amount,
with all the best Offices, and advice given, by Mr. NIXON, 8,
Hereford-road.  Westbourne-grove.  Superintendent of Agencies to the
Householders’ and General Life Office.

                                * * * * *

Among the various mechanical inventions and improvements, there is none
more deserving notice than the Chamber Exercising Horse, particularly for
persons who cannot take pedestrian or equestrian exercise.  This truly
useful machine exceeds any other yet invented for the relief of persons
inclined to dormancy.  It is well known that a carriage affords little or
no exercise: on the contrary, the exercise on the Chamber Horse is
similar to the canter of the managed or trotting horse, and by the use of
the arms only, will, by easy exertion, cause genial warmth and general
circulation of the blood.  May be hired in London,—HOPES Warehouse, 11,
Rathbone-place, Oxford-street.  Established fifty-nine years.




St. Mary Abbotts Kensington District Visiting Society.
PAROCHIAL WORK SOCIETY.


A SALE OF CLOTHING (for the Depositors in the Clothing Fund) will take
place on WEDNESDAY, December 21, 1803, at Seven o’clock, in the Girls’
School Room.

As the object of this Society is to give employment, it is earnestly
hoped that the Friends of the Poor will assist it by purchasing the
Clothing, which consists of flannels and all other useful garments for
the poor.




Foreign and English Boot and Shoe Warehouse,
28, HIGH STREET, KENSINGTON.


The Public are respectfully informed that in consequence of the Business
being shortly to be Removed to more extensive premises, the whole of the
Stock will be offend at prices mush below prime cost, to ensure an
immediate clearance.  The Lease to be disposed of.

          _A desirable opportunity for Shippers and Emigrants_.

                                * * * * *

A LADY is desirous of recommending a first-rate NEEDLE-WOMAN.  Terms, 1s.
6d. per day.—Apply at 8, Gloucester-terrace, Kensington New-town.

                                * * * * *

WM. PIERCE, Fruiterer & Green-grocer, 5, Lonsdale-place, leading to
Pembridge-villas, Notting-hill.  Attends Dinner and Evening Parties as
Waiter, on moderate terms.




Watches and Clocks.


First class Ladies’ and Gentlemen’s Gold and Silver
Watches.—Manufacturer, Chas. B. HAMMOND, 32, High-street, Notting-hill,
five doors from the turnpike.  Established 1837.

                  _All orders executed or the Premises_.

                                * * * * *

                    G. BARRATT, Bricklayer, Plasterer,
                 and Slater, Northend, Hammersmith-gate.
                   Ranges, stoves, and coppers set, &c.
                  _Estimates given for general repairs_.




Dyeing. &c.


GEO. LONG, Silk, Cotton, and Woollen Dyer, Scourer & Calico Glazer, 11,
Grove-terrace, Notting-hill.  Gloves and blond lace cleaned or dyed in
the Parisian style.  Gentlemen’s clothes cleaned and dyed.  Orders by
letter punctually attended to.




Buy your Boots and Shoes At SQUIRREL’S,


original Boot Maker, 93, High-street, Notting Hill.  All goods being
manufactured by himself, they are warranted.—one trial will prove the
superiority of the articles.




ELEGANT & USEFUL CHRISTMAS PRESENT.


Under the patronage of Her Most Gracious Majesty, _The Comprehensive
Pocket Bible_; 30,000 notes, and 80,000 references, with vignettes, maps,
&c.—Beautifully bound, 13s. 6d. & 15s. per copy. be had of the Local
Agent, Mrs. Armitage, Stationer, 6, Richmond-road, Westbourne-grove. “An
exquisitely unique edition of the Bible.”—_Morning Post_.




Apartments:—To be Let,


FURNISHED.—A large & well-furnished double Drawing-room, with two good
bed-rooms.  Situate in the best part of Westbourne-grove, west.—Apply to
Mr. Sharpe, Chymist, High-Street, Notting-hill.

                                * * * * *

UNFURNISHED.—A splendid Drawing-room, and one or two bed-rooms.—Apply on
the premises, at Mr. Hinton’s, 2, Ledbury-road, Westbourne-grove.




Eye Preserving Spectacles,


Manufactured by F. A. PIZZALA, 19, Hatton Garden, London.—Established
1805.  Microscopes, sympiesometers, lactometers, saccharometers,
telescopes, and all kinds of optical, mathematical, and philosophical
instruments wholesale and retail.

                                * * * * *

An OUT-DOOR APPRENTICE Wanted to the Printing Business: Premium moderate.
Apply to DUNFORD, Printer, Notting-hill.

                                * * * * *

D. WITHERS, (from the West-end,) fashionable Hair Dresser, and Wig-maker,
2, Warwick-street, Sutton-st., Kensington.

Gentlemen waited upon at their own residences, every morning, if
required.

Charge moderate,—distance no object.




_St. Mary Abbotts_, _Kensington_,
District Visiting Society.


The Clothing, for the Poor, made by this Parochial Work Society, is Sold
(at the price of the materials) every Friday, from _twelve_ to _one_
o’clock, in the Girls’ National School-room.

Depots have also been opened for the Sale of the Clothing, in
Camden-street, Charles-place, and the Infants’ Schoolroom, Gore-lane.




TROUSERS.


To ensure a GOOD FIT, go to BAKER’S, Hammersmith Gate, who, having made
that difficult garment his particular study, can, with confidence,
guarantee a good fit, either with or without straps.  Gentlemen can
select their material from a new and fashionable stock, or may be waited
upon at their own residences with patterns.  Stout Angola tweeds at 13s.
6d.  Superior black doeskin, 21s.




A Days’ Washing in 3 hours.


The new Patent Washing Crystal, as used in the Royal Laundry, for every
description of linen, woollen, cotton, lace, lawn, muslin, &c., without
injury to the hands or fabric.  Sold in packets, price 1d. and 6d., or in
family boxes, at 10s. 6d.

The well-known qualities of Fullers’ Earth, as a simple yet powerful
agent for the removal of Grease and Stains, is so well known that comment
would be superfluous.  The Crystallized Extract is the only Preparation
which can be recommended as possessing Cleansing and Emollient
properties, without injury to the hands or fabric.

Manufactured only by W. G. NIXEY, 22, Moor-street, Soho-square; City
warehouse, 83, Upper Thames-street.




Corn and Bunion Plaister.


CORLEY’S Green Gum Plaister, for Corns and Bunions, in boxes 1s. 1½d.
each, duty included.  This plaister is a speedy and radical cure for
corns of every kind.  During the first seven months of its preparation,
three thousand boxes were sold, from personal recommendation alone.  Sold
by the Proprietor, 5, Russell street, St. Luke’s, Chelsea; also, by the
following agents:—Mr. MORRIS, chemist, (to the Queen and Duchess of
Kent,) High-street, Kensington; Mr. Vincent, Frederick-place,
Walham-green; Mr. J. W. English, chemist, Hammersmith.




Roby’s Plate Powder,


Warranted free from mercurial preparations.  This article has been used
by the Proprietor upwards of thirty years, on the costliest collection of
Plate in the Kingdom, and found to excel any other ever offered to the
public—Sole Agent, T. SHIRTLIFFE, 9, Avery Farm-row, Ebury-square
Pimlico, at 1s. and 2s, per box; sold also, retail, by PRESLEE,
stationer, High-street, Notting-hill.  Also, Roby’s superior Preparation
for guilt and lacquered articles.

                                * * * * *

    “There is but one way of obtaining Business—PUBLICITY; one way of
    obtaining Publicity—ADVERTISEMENTS; the advertising-sheet is the
    fly-wheel by which motive power of commercial enterprise is
    sustained, and Money the steam by which the Advertising is kept
    going.”—_Blackwood’s Magazine_.

                 NEW AND CHEAP LOCAL ADVERTISING MEDIUM.

                         THE KENSINGTON GAZETTE,
                         And General Advertiser,
For Kensington, Hammersmith, Notting Hill, Bayswater, & their vicinities;
                       CIRCULATED EVERY WEDNESDAY.

                                 ~~~~~~~~

                            TERMS.—PREPAYMENT.

        Single Column, per line, 3d.  Double Column, per line, 6d.

               _A Reduction on a series of Advertisements_.

                                * * * * *

To TRADESMEN, the above, offers an easy, cheap, and efficient channel for
advertising.

To Members of the several PROFESSIONS, a prompt and respectable means of
seeking engagements is presented.

To PROPRIETORS OF SCHOOLS, &c., a ready notice to their Establishments by
resident gentry, is amply provided.

BENEFIT SOCIETIES, CLUBS, INSTITUTIONS, &c., will also greatly extend
their means and local influence by giving publicity to their existence
and their several objects, through the pages of the “Gazette;” while
Notices of Sermons, Lectures, Entertainments, Parochial and other
Meetings, will become promptly and efficiently promulgated when announced
in its economical columns.

                                * * * * *

                        ADVERTISEMENTS RECEIVED AT
            Strutt’s Printing Office, Church-st., Kensington.

                          ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

             GUARANTEED GRATUITOUS CIRCULATION FOUR THOUSAND.

                                * * * * *




Buy your Cutlery of the Manufacturer!!!


 R. TURPIN, Manufacturing Cutler, 29, High-street, Kensington, submits to
    the public his List of Prices for Table Cutlery, for ready money.

                           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 Every Article stamped with R. T.’S name, Warranted and Exchanged if not
                               found Good.

   Electro-plated Silver-handled Table Knives, 25s. per dozen.  Dessert
                          ditto, 18s. per dozen.

   Nickel-silver Table Spoons or Forks, 18s. per dozen.  Ditto, Dessert
                      Spoons or Forks, 12s. per doz.
                     Mustard or Salts, 1s. per pair.

                      Table-knives.    Table-forks.     Desert-knives.   Carvers. per
                      per doz.         per doz.         per doz.         pair.
Three and half              11      6         7      0        10      0         5      6
inch, Ivory
handles, (balance)
Four-inch, Ivory            16      6         8      0        12      0         6      0
handles, same
quality
Four-inch ditto,            18      0         9      0        14      0         6      6
rather better Ivory
Four-inch, best             20      0        10      0        15      0         7      6
East India Ivory
Four-inch,                  24      0        12      0        18      0         8      6
extra-large African
Ivory-handles, with
blades of the best
quality
Silver Ferruled             36      0        18      0        30      0        10      0
ditto, ditto, no
better can be made,
with plain handles

                                * * * * *

                                                         Per doz.
Best white-bone table knives and forks                       18      0
Ditto, ditto, dessert ditto                                  14      0
Pinned bone handle ditto                                     12      0
Solid handle ditto                                           12      0
Dessert ditto                                                10      0
Best oval rimmed, black                                      18      0
Black-horn knives & forks, with pinned or solid              12      0
handles
Self tip, equal in wear to Ivory                             24      0
Dessert ditto ditto                                          18      0
Stag-horn handles                                            15      0
Ditto, ditto, best quality                                   18      0

  Best Nickel-silver Spoons and Forks, 18s., per doz.  Dessert, 12s. per
                                   doz.

New blades or handles to every kind of table, desert, pen, or pocket
knives, equal to new, in proportion.

All kinds of Shears and Scissors, Razors, Pen and Pocket Knives,
Butchers’ Steels and Knives, Painters’ and Plumbers’ palette and other
Knives to order, or on sale.  German Silver Spoons, Forks, &c.  Every
description of Spectacles, Eye Rims, Folders, Reading Glasses, &c., in
Stock, together with Steel Goods of every description.

R. TURPIN’S Warranted Razors, from 2s. to 10s. per pair, with morocco
case complete, and exchanged if not found good.

      Cutlery Ground and Re-polished as New, Daily, on the Premises.
                   N.B.  KNIVES AND FORKS LENT ON HIRE.




Water-proof Clothing.


For prompt Sale, the remaining portion of a Stock of the above to be
disposed of at a great reduction, in order to effect a speedy
clearance.—Prices from 16s. 6d. upwards.  Address, J. ALLEN, Tailor,
Hosier, Shirt-maker, & general Out-fitter, 44, High street, Kensington.




A Stove Brilliantly Polished


               In two minutes, for less than One Farthing!

W. G. NIXEY’S celebrated Registered BLACK LEAD, a new domestic discovery,
cannot be wasted, and is a preservative of Furniture from the injurious
effects of the common article now in use, it creates no dust, & requires
comparatively no labour.

Sold throughout the United Kingdom, in solid blocks, at 1d., 2d., and
4d.; also, in boxes at 1s.—Manufactory, 22, Moor-street, Soho-square.




Dissolving Views, &c.


J. ORCHARD, Optician, &c., 28, Hornton-street, Kensington, informs the
public that having a large assortment of Magic Lanterns, Dissolving
Views, &c., &c., he Attends Schools and Evening Parties with the
same.—Spectacles, and every description of optical instruments made &
repaired.




Lines.


   Before the sea a diver stood,
   Prepared to spring into its flood;
   But soon returning to the shore,
   Within his hand a pearl he bore.

   With pleasure beamed his sparkling eyes,
   To learn the value of his prize;
   “Yet! yet!” he cried, “’neath yon deep main,
   Lies treasure still,—I dive again.”

   Then, leaping with superior force,
   He fearless flew his venturous course,
   To search once more the ocean’s bed,
   While billows rolled above his head.

   Not unrewarded was his toil,—
   Uprising with a richer spoil,
   He found the land, yet, fainting, sighed
   More distant waters to divide.

   “How mean this wealth my hands have gain’d
   To the vast hoards that lie contained,
   ’Neath deeps my daring cannot reach,”
   Murmured his discontented speech.

   “Were this frame gifted with the power,
   To gather gems through every hour,
   Too short a thousand years would be,
   To scour the margin of that sea.”

   But there’s an ocean more sublime,
   Washing the tiny isle of Time,—
   How far across, no sage can say,
   Nor guess how low its bottom lay.

   ’Tis Truth’s deep sea, of bounds unknown,
   Where gifted spirits long have thrown
   Their mighty vision, till their eyes
   Nigh wearied with its mysteries.

   _Kensington_.  C.B.S.




***END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE KENSINGTON GAZETTE, NO. 2,
DECEMBER 14, 1853***


******* This file should be named 60552-0.txt or 60552-0.zip *******


This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
http://www.gutenberg.org/dirs/6/0/5/5/60552


Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org 

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary 
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

